README.md, before:

# React Network

### [Link to demo](https://tkachiko.github.io/react-network/#/profile)

## About app

Single page application built with React ecosystem.\
There are REST API requests inmplemented in the app in order to authenticate user, update user's profile and fetch users data.\
Some components have hardcoded data in state since there's no API for them.

### Technology stack

- React
- Redux
- JavaScript

### Additional packages

- react-router
- redux-thunk
- axios
- connect
- reselect
- formik
- yup
- context API
- React Hooks

## Screenshots of the app

### *Login page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Login-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135901329-3e079929-4234-47e0-b736-4c313374c807.png">

### *Profile page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Profile-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135904927-37890785-310b-456f-ada9-863ff78d069b.png">

### *Dialogs page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Dialogs-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135904974-889b64c1-fbf1-4ad8-92e0-8bed3e411c77.png">

### *Users page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Users-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135905490-2341982e-e462-4b24-bc23-9aad413695a4.png">

Commit message:

add note in README.md

README.md, after:

# React Network

### [Link to demo](https://tkachiko.github.io/react-network/#/profile)

## Note

This version of the project has been adapted for desktop only.

## About app

Single page application built with React ecosystem.\
There are REST API requests inmplemented in the app in order to authenticate user, update user's profile and fetch users data.\
Some components have hardcoded data in state since there's no API for them.

### Technology stack

- React
- Redux
- JavaScript

### Additional packages

- react-router
- redux-thunk
- axios
- connect
- reselect
- formik
- yup
- context API
- React Hooks

## Screenshots of the app

### *Login page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Login-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135901329-3e079929-4234-47e0-b736-4c313374c807.png">

### *Profile page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Profile-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135904927-37890785-310b-456f-ada9-863ff78d069b.png">

### *Dialogs page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Dialogs-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135904974-889b64c1-fbf1-4ad8-92e0-8bed3e411c77.png">

### *Users page*
<img width="1430" alt="React-network_Users-page" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71289347/135905490-2341982e-e462-4b24-bc23-9aad413695a4.png">
